(GH-2522) Add 'resolve' key to modules config (#2544)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/bolt_installing_modules.md

| --- | --- | :-: |
| `name` | The full name of the module. Can be either `<OWNER>-<NAME>` or `<OWNER>/<NAME>`. | ✓ |
| `version_requirement` | The version requirement that the module must satisfy. Can be either a specific semantic version (`1.0.0`), a version range (`>= 1.0.0 < 3.0.0`), or version shorthand (`1.x`).  |

> | `resolve` | Whether to resolve the module's dependencies when installing modules. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resolve` | Boolean. Whether to resolve the module's dependencies when installing modules. | |
```

| Key | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | :-: |
| `git` | The URI to the GitHub repository. URI must begin with either `https://github.com`or `git@github.com`. | ✓ |

> | `name` | The name of the module. This name is used to name the module in the Puppetfile and the directory that the module's contents are downloaded to. Required if `resolve` is `false`. | |

Reviewer 2: This should be more explicit about whether it's namespaced or not.

Author: Updated. Not 100% sure on the phrasing, though... for example, if the name doesn't match the module's _actual_ name, tasks can still be run but not plans.

> | `name` | The name of the module. This name is used to name the module in the Puppetfile and the directory that the module's contents are downloaded to and is used as a namespace for the module's content. To avoid errors, make sure this name matches the name specified in the module's `metadata.json`. **Required if `resolve` is `false`.** | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | The name of the module. Bolt uses this name for the module in the Puppetfile, the directory that the module's contents are downloaded to, and as a namespace for the module's content. To avoid errors, make sure this name matches the name specified in the module's `metadata.json`. **Required if `resolve` is `false`.** | |
```

| `ref` | The git reference to checkout. Can be either a branch, commit, or tag. | ✓ |

> | `resolve` | Whether to resolve the module's dependencies when installing modules. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resolve` | Boolean. Whether to resolve the module's dependencies when installing modules. | |
```

- [bolt-project.yaml options](bolt_project_reference.md#module-install)
- [bolt-defaults.yaml options](bolt_defaults_reference.md#module-install)

## Skip dependency resolution for a module

Sometimes you might want to skip dependency resolution for a specific module,
usually because Bolt is unable to resolve its dependencies. This allows you to
take advantage of Bolt's module dependency resolution while still using modules
that Bolt cannot resolve dependencies for. You might want to skip dependency
resolution for a module if:

- The module has outdated or incorrect metadata.
- The module is a git module hosted in a repository other than a public GitHub

>   repository.

Reviewer 2: + The modules dependencies cannot be cleanly resolved

You can configure Bolt to skip dependency resolution for a module by setting the
`resolve` key for the module specification to `false`. This key is available for
both Forge and git modules.

When you install modules with Bolt, it only resolves module dependencies for
module specifications that do not set `resolve: false`. After resolving
dependencies, Bolt generates a Puppetfile with the resolved modules and
dependencies, as well as the modules it did not resolve dependencies for.

For example, if your project includes the `puppetlabs/ntp` Forge module and a
git module named `private_module` hosted in a private GitHub repository, you can
configure Bolt to skip dependency resolution for `private_module`:

```yaml
# bolt-project.yaml
name: myproject
modules:
  - puppetlabs/ntp
  - name: private_module
    git: git@github.com:puppetlabs/private_module
    ref: 1.0.0
    resolve: false
```

> > **Note:** When setting `resolve: false` for a git module, you must include

Reviewer 3: I think it's also worth calling out (here or elsewhere) that the value of `name` is how the module will be named on the modulepath as well.

Author: Added some more info to the table further up the page that lists the available keys.

- [bolt-project.yaml options](bolt_project_reference.md#module-install)
- [bolt-defaults.yaml options](bolt_defaults_reference.md#module-install)

## Skip dependency resolution for a module

> Sometimes you might want to skip dependency resolution for a specific module,
> usually because Bolt is unable to resolve its dependencies. This allows you to
> take advantage of Bolt's module dependency resolution while still using modules
> that Bolt cannot resolve dependencies for. You might want to skip dependency
> resolution for a module if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping dependency resolution for a module allows you to
take advantage of Bolt's module dependency resolution while still using modules
that Bolt cannot resolve dependencies for.

You might want to skip dependency resolution for a module if:
```
Just streamlining this a bit because it's a little redundant with the list

- The module has outdated or incorrect metadata.
- The module is a git module hosted in a repository other than a public GitHub
  repository.

> - The module's dependencies cannot be cleanly resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bolt can't cleanly resolve the module's dependencies.
```
